{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f5\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Standard;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af4\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Überschrift;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Textkörper;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af5 Liste;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af5\afs24\ai\fs24 Beschriftung;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af5 Verzeichnis;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice.org}{\vern3410}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\b\afs32\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs32
User Story \'96 Anatomy Seminar}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Prof. Steiner is just preparing this years seminar on anatomy. A colleague has told him about a \'93website\'94 where he can show models of bones, organs and he even found a model of the whole human body. Prof. Steiner is just analyzing the human body model from different viewpoints. He is quite amazed about the level of detail in the model. In the previous years they always had one real model and everyone had to stand around the model, while he was presenting the position of organs in the human body. Of course not everybody was able to really see what he was talking about. This year, he will organize the seminar in a different way.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
On the overview page, he found the model on, a link was included which should direct immediately to the model. Prof. Steiner therefore copies the link and tests it once. On the website of the seminar he posts the link the students are expected to use. He also informs that they are expected to bring some device which is able to view the 3D model. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Two weeks later in the first meeting of the seminar, Prof. Steiner distributes some exercise sheets for the students to work on. Some exercises require using the 3D model to solve the exercise. Of course, some students were not informed that they should have brought some notebook or tablet. But one device for two students was sufficient. In addition, the real world model was still available. Some student found out that he may also use a smartphone to view the model. After some while, students started to compare the online model to the real one and discussions evolved about the solutions of the exercises.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Prof Steiner was quite pleased, that the seminar turned out to be much more interactive than it had been in the previous years. Hopefully, students are going to be able to remember more of what they learned with this new approach. }
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Unfortunately, the model shows only one layer of the human body. Organs that are hidden behind the visible ones cannot be seen. For this purpose Prof. Steiner still had to use the real model, where he could take out some of the organs to show what lays underneath. Some interaction with the model may be required to make use of the online model for this part as well. On the other hand, one could just add more models to also represent different layers of the human body. But this makes it harder for the students to understand the relations between organs in different models.}
\par }